Enhance the render context for kubernetes process (#52)
apache/skywalking-rover: docs/en/setup/configuration/process_discovery/kubernetes.md

| Name | Argument | Example | Description |
|------|--------- |-----------|-------------|
| Name | None | `{{.Container.Name}}`| The name of the current container under the pod. |
| ID | None | `{{.Container.ID}}`| The id of the current container under the pod. |

> | EnvValue | KeyNames | `{{.Container.EnvValue "a,b"}}`| The environment value of the keys, If provide multiple keys, any key has value, then other keys would not be used. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| EnvValue | KeyNames | `{{.Container.EnvValue "a,b"}}`| The environment value of the first non-value key in the provided candidates(Iterate from left to right).  |
```
